It's the summer of 2020, and I haven't seen my friends in six months.
Because of Covid-19 we all had to social distance and quarantine.
I was stuck at home with literally nothing to do so I played cards by myself.
(Don't ask me how but I ended up losing...)
I tried to pick up an instrument.
But it was at that point when I realized that I wasn't musically gifted. :(
My friend finally message me to go and hang out at a farm for his birthday.
So I began to workout to impress them with my new quarantine body.
I could only do three pull ups... :(
It's time to show off my new found strength!
...I missed.
It's okay we all deserve a second chance!
(What a weakling)
After embarrassing myself in-front of my friends we decided to try the corn field maze.
WOW! Look at this view! :o
I forgot how it felt to enjoy the company of another person.
Thanks for watching!